 At AIA Australia and New Zealand, our purpose is to make a difference in people’s lives through our customer value proposition centred on Life, Health and Wellness . Our vision is to champion Australia and New Zealand to be the healthiest and most protected nations in the world. Our firm belief is that by following our operating philosophy of doing the right thing, in the right way with the right people, the results will come. AIA Careers We are going through exciting times at AIA Australia and due to growth within the organisation the technology team are looking at automation opportunities to assist the rest of business and ensure they have the best experience and tools to support our valued customers and clients. This role will be working in the AIA Automation factory that is focused on establishing capability that can bridge processes to resolve complexity of any service and optimize experience for our customers, partners and employees. Location : 509 St Kilda Road, Melbourne, Victoria 3004 Corner of Commercial and St Kilda road This is the kind of experience we are looking for: Provide analysis, evaluation and recommendations in support of mission-oriented business functions and related applications and systems. Work closely with key stakeholders and run discovery workshops. Produce and/or analyse workflows and processes to identify process inefficiencies, areas for improvement, risks & issues. Align processes, systems, policies, and organizational structures with mission and strategy of the organization and best practices. Create process change by integrating new processes to improve existing ones and communicating these changes to impacted stakeholders. Develop initiatives for continuous process improvements and innovative solutions. Plan and implement approved business solutions and develops metrics, and methods to collect those metrics, to measure operational efficiency. Provides input into change management plans including training, communications, and transition management to operationalized process/people/system change. We would also like you to have. 5+ years’ experience in Business Process Re-engineering, Process Improvements and/or Business Analysis roles. Strong analytical and effective communication skills with staff at all levels. Experience in process modelling and process mapping/analysis, preferably in a merger & acquisition transaction. Experience in using process improvement methodologies, e.g. Six Sigma, Lean as well as BPM software tools. Healthier, Longer, Better Lives At AIA Australia and New Zealand, wellbeing is at our core. We understand that healthy employees are happy employees. That’s why we have a culture of care that promotes wellbeing and flexibility. We focus on career development, people development and leadership capability, so that you’ll be nurtured and have every opportunity to reach your full potential. We’re an equal opportunity employer that embraces and values diversity and inclusion in our workforce. 