 ABOUT SEER Seer is developing technology to revolutionise the diagnosis and management of neurological conditions, with a special focus on epilepsy. Our mission is to deliver deep personalised clinical insights and advance patient experience with leading-edge technology. Our technology consists of wearable devices, a cloud platform and machine learning systems. These systems are at the core of our at-home video EEG monitoring and diagnostic service - the first of its kind. Seer has already made a big impact across the east coast of Australia over the last 2 years, and is now building for international expansion. ABOUT OUR PRODUCT We're building a web platform to power wearable and implantable devices that are about to enter the healthcare market. The platform stores and manages the biomedical data from these devices, allowing us to provide personalised insights, predictions and alerts to patients in real-time. The platform currently supports our at-home EEG-ECG diagnostic services and will soon support clinical trials of devices carried out by partner companies. ABOUT THE ROLE Our web/mobile product team is growing and we’re looking to hire another fullstack JavaScript developer to help us develop new capabilities and features. These features will allow patients to better understand their data, allow clinicians to quickly follow and track their patients condition, allow our clinical staff to easily manage referrals and patient data, our data scientists to curate and build upon de-identified patient data, and allow us to connect with physical devices for recording data. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Developing, testing, and maintaining code for the GraphQL server NodeJS, ExpressJS and Apollo Server and for the main web app ReactJS and Apollo Client In collaboration with the rest of the team, ensuring that our software is user friendly, stable, secure, resilient, documented, and maintainable Proactively raising issues or ideas for how our technology should/could be built Being an active member of the team's development and learning SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Solid experience in web development including both front and back-end development Very comfortable writing JavaScript and experienced with at least one modern front-end JavaScript framework Good communication skills, an attention to detail, and a focus on user experience Enthusiasm for software quality automated testing, code review, and documentation Ability to work well in a diverse team with different backgrounds and experience levels In addition to these base attributes, we are particularly interested in people with experience in: ReactJS NodeJS especially ExpressJS SQL Git, CI/CD, and agile development practices Managing and monitoring server infrastructure especially on AWS GraphQL especially the Apollo libraries This is a great opportunity for someone to help us build an amazing product and work in a collaborative, team environment. You will have the chance to influence a growing team, work with and contribute to modern development tools, and work on a range of interesting features and problems. 