 About Us: Receipt Bank is a rapidly scaling FinTech business on a mission to disrupt the world of accounting and bookkeeping. Our products allow hundreds of thousands of SMEs and their accounting partners unlock the value of accounting data and automate bookkeeping processes through our award winning A.Founded in 2010, we have experienced near 100% growth year-on-year, opened offices globally, raised over $60m in Private Equity investment and won a number of awards along the way. The role - what you’ll do: Our New Partner team are often the face and voice of Receipt Bank - a phone call with you will often be the first human interaction many prospective customers have with us as a company. You therefore have the opportunity to set the tone for the ongoing relationship that our partners have with us. You will: Make outbound calls to prospects and qualify them through targeted questions Inform them about Receipt Bank's solutions and assess the likelihood of the prospect being a good match for our services Research target accounts for outbound call campaigns Schedule appointments between prospects and New Partner Consultants Run webinars and online demonstrations Develop your consultative selling techniques About you - what we are looking for: Good commercial awareness A genuine interest in our initial experience in a B2B sales role A great rapport builder who is completely at ease on the phone Excellent communication skills across multiple media Are looking to work in an exciting fintech business Goal oriented What we will give you - the perks: Receipt Bank is defined by its people. We believe that in order to be your best self every day, you need to feel valued, motivated and supported. At Receipt Bank, you’ll get to collaborate with inspiring people who will support you on your own career journey. We also appreciate that financial and non-financial rewards and benefits are important too! So, you can expect from us: Competitive salary Health and wellness allowance Business coaching and mentoring Access to L . D training platforms Friday drinks End-of-quarter team building and monthly social events Gym discount Work smarter. Grow faster. Go further. Join Receipt Bank. 