 This is an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Identified position. The Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association Ltd is the national body representing Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander doctors and medical students. ..Our purpose is to contribute to equitable health and life outcomes, and the cultural wellbeing of Indigenous people, by reaching population parity of Indigenous medical students and doctors, and supporting a culturally safe healthcare system... As a peak organisation, we are represented on over 45 committees nationally and collaborate with a range of key stakeholders and affiliated organisations. We are seeking a proactive and progressive Chief Executive Officer to respectfully and professionally assist this strongly culturally-based membership association grow and evolve.. This is an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Identified position. About the role The CEO leads the evolution and implementation of the strategic plan and identifies opportunities to promote and enhance the objectives of AID.Reporting to the Board, the CEO plays a vital role strengthening stakeholder relationships across all levels of government, community and corporate entities... You will be an experienced and influential leader skilled in implementing strategy and driving key initiatives. To be successful in this role well-developed emotional, conceptual, commercial and financial expertise demonstrated people management skills effective stakeholder engagement skills inclusive and collaborative management style focus on continuous quality improvement systems We intend to engage with candidates progressively until we have found our new Chief Executive Officer, so contact our HR Manager, Lisa Bleyerveld, now to find out more about your next challenge on 02 6270 3318.. Or view the Position Description on our Careers Page:. An attractive salary package will be negotiated for exceptional candidates... To apply, please forward a covering letter outlining your suitability against the above attributes plus your CV to jobs..org.au. AIDA is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity. 