 Trade behaviour analytics Financial markets risk - FX, Interest Rates, Commodities Options/Futures Attractive Remuneration Package + Great Bonus Potential A unique opportunity has transpired for a quantitative analyst or data scientist who is into financial markets risk analytics. This is a unique opportunity, which combines data science, financial markets risk, and compliance. My client is looking to hire an experienced data scientist or quantitative analyst/developer to develop data science tools and provide insights for futures trading strategies. We are keen to speak to candidates who have a demonstrated track record of providing data capabilities as well developing and maintaining quantitative libraries. Experience using machine learning methods would highly advantageous. The key responsibilities include Provide data driven insights and tools for front office trading behavioural analytics Develop, monitor and maintain controls and ensure that financial markets trading is in accordance with global regulatory conditions. Design prototyped trading tools Mining large databases or market and client data to improve profitability We are only seeking candidates with a minimum of 3 years of experience who have worked in data science/machine learning areas which can include robotics, quantitative development, engineering mechanical, electrical, computer etc. Candidates must come from a financial markets background, either front office, treasury or markets risk. Ideally candidates with have Strong programming skills in either Python, Maltab or C++. We are open to candidates from any OOP programming background however the role will mainly use Python. Strong financial markets experience from any asset classes but preferably rates, FX, fixed income or commodities options and futures. Strong data analytics/machine learning experience Knowledge of SQL is imperative. Understanding or experience in Kdb/Q and NoSQL would be great but not essential. Excellent communication skills. Must be able to work with front office stakeholders. For more information please contact Maria Shevelev at Bluefin Resources on 02 9270 2612 IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLIC. 