 The Opportunity As Bachmann Plant Hire BPH embarks on the next stage of its development, the newly created position of General Manager - Civil Earthworks will ensure it can continue to build on its successes as an industry leader. With a healthy demand for services in the organisation’s outlook, a strong people leader with sound commercial capability, unrivalled operational expertise and a deep knowledge of the civil construction and bulk earthworks industry is critical to enduring success. Working closely with the Chief Executive Officer this role will assume full PL responsibility and offer the opportunity to take ownership of the success of the civil and earthworks business; driving the achievement of targeted outcomes, ensuring unwavering accountability of the team, and augmenting the growth of the business through consolidation of operational capacity. The Organisation BPH, as part of Management Resource Solutions PLC is a London AIM stock exchange listed provider of specialist, reliable and cost-effective earthworks solutions in the south east Queensland region. Specifically, their support includes bulk earthworks for large property development, building pads for major industrial and commercial sites, construction of sports ovals and dams, and rehabilitation of landfill sites. With over 100 specialist operators and a fleet in excess of 200 machines and vehicles, the organisation has been providing wet hire and outcomes-based skill, experience and the highest standards of product excellence for over 50 years. Strategically located to enable access to a growing region, all employees show leadership in the work that they do to elevate the use of technology and innovation in the industry and hold safety, customer service, quality, respect, integrity and accountability in highest regard as their values. The success of BPH in this market can best be attributed to their large and diverse base of highly skilled employees, access to first class back-end systems, long-standing mutually beneficial relationships, and ability to respond to changing customer needs in a way that is described as nimble, responsive and innovative. You As an ambitious, honest and self-driven people leader you will thrive in an environment that offers the opportunity to take ownership of the Queensland operations of the organisation, and proactively practice a mindset of service, safety and accountability without compromise. This approach will be underpinned by a sound technical understanding of earthworks, advanced leadership competency, and a disciplined attitude towards realising set objectives. An intimate understanding of the local geography and well-established networks throughout the civil construction industry would also prove highly beneficial. Motivated by the opportunity to invest in the organisation for the long term, you will display a genuine hunger for driving the business forward and present a long and comprehensive portfolio of “roll up your sleeves” experience relevant to achieving this. Next Steps To receive a copy of the Information Pack, please contact Emily Bowen on 0422 259 370 or via email at ebowen.com.au and quote ref. 45582 in the subject line. To apply, please submit your resume and a cover letter via this advertisement at your earliest convenience. 