 Your new organisation . Huon are a proud Tasmanian brand that is globally recognised as a premium producer of fresh and smoked salmon products.. A leader within the Tasmanian aquaculture industry, this organisation is dominating with their technological innovation and ground breaking AI.. Your new role . Based in the Hobart CBD with some travel to Huon’s operational sites, you will work closely within the Information Technology Team, providing support for the resolution of application based problems, escalated from the IT Service Desk. This exciting position will report to the Senior IT Business Analyst and will have the exposure to liaise with a range of business stakeholder and service providers. Key Activities Implementation of application delivery and support services. Support and maintain data assets. Design, development and deployment of application and analytical reports. Assist planning and development of services and solutions Assist with new IT Services and Solutions into production What you'll need to succeed We would like to hear from highly skilled performers that have exceptional stakeholder management skills and the desire to develop and grow with this fantastic team. You will bring a vibrant and innovative approach to a small fun and experienced team. You will be genuinely interested in the aquaculture business and the cutting - edge technology currently deployed across the business. You will be flexible in an ever-changing environment and be able to manage multiple projects at once. A relevant degree or associate diploma in computing or information systems is essential.. You will also have experience providing support in a variety of applications and in database design and development.. Experience in the following areas is also essential: Microsoft database and development platforms. SQL queries and stored procedures. Designing and deploying analytical reports, including experience with Microsoft SQL Reporting Services or similar development tools What you'll get in return This is an excellent opportunity to join a business at the forefront of their industry and an organisation which embraces and supports innovation and sustainable aquaculture practices.. This role offers an excellent salary, embraces learning and career development, offers bonuses and perks such as discounted produce, Health Insurance and daily fresh fruit. What you need to do now To apply or to find out more about this exciting opportunity, please contact Jae Lloyd on.03 6234 9554.or apply online, or email to.jae.lloyd..com.au . 